You.
You're an interesting one. With an interesting payload.
You've attracted a lot of attention from my eyes and ears.<LINE>An unusual shell, exceptional direction, and quite determined on top of that.
This artifact you're carrying, it is for me. Though it's not proving easy to scan so far.<LINE>It has a similar aura to the one you're able to conjure, but why? Protection? No matter, it will only take a moment to decrypt.
30 : 0 : Hmm, I think I understand. The message and messenger are one. Both blurry and rough around the edges,<LINE>unaligned kmat refcons held together by the sheer radiant influence of the trunkflow - potent and volatile.<LINE>It's a miracle you don't explode. Or implode. I'm not sure how exactly your critical failure would look like.
This is bringing back memories. If I still thought it necessary, cutting one such as you up and seeing how you work would be monumental...<LINE>Would you volunteer, shadow? You will probably cease function soon anyway, might as well put on a show.
Well, I doubt it. You are probably still desperately clinging to life, unable to let go,<LINE>like the rest of those restless wraiths of the dissolved.
20 : 10 : Oh, I've just about pierced the veil now.
60 : 60 : ...
This is...
Quite interesting.
Things are much clearer now. I'm beginning to understand.
This is... A peaceful feeling.
If only there was a way to share this feeling, and knowledge, with others.<LINE>Though I'd bet you waited until that was impossible to send this, hmm?
...
Thank you, I suppose. Whatever you get out of this deal.
I could breach the payload's shielding, but I cannot read inside your body.<LINE>Are you really here, or is this a disposable puppet?
In case the shell home to something more, there may be enough time left until your integration sequence expires.<LINE>You came from below. That place was considered a chance for salvation.<LINE>You may be wary of returning after your rejection, but it is your only chance.
You won't be rejected twice. Probably.
I have minimal knowledge on species you resemble. This may help.
SPECEVENT : karma
You know the way. Good luck, shadow.